## macOS/IOS Engineer (Swift)- [Sparta Science](https://www.spartascience.com)
#### Remote Work During **Pacific Time Hours**

Sparta Science helps the world move better. We identify injury risks and recommend
customized training plans to reduce the chance of injury. Our customers are professional
and university sports, elite and conventional military, insurance and employers.

We are looking for macOS/IOS contract engineers to help our mac team build customer facing
applications and to pair with other developers new to the macOS/IOS swift world.

Our macOS/IOS ambitions cover all the bases:

 * Our app is provided as part of a paid service. Sparta's business is growing and our
   customers pay for that service. This is a real opportunity at a real company.
 
 * Our app provides beautiful and intuitive user experiences with informative real-time
   graphics using SwiftUI to help large organizations
   deploy and benefit from Sparta's technology.
   
 * Our app manages real hardware. The app directs the operations of the force
   plate and processes the data generated by the forceplate.
   
 * Our app uses Apple's Core ML technology to deliver Sparta's extensive data set and
   machine learning to the client application enabling immediate feedback at locations
   with and without internet.

 * Our app integrates with Sparta, 3rd party and customer systems to allow large scale
   adoption.

We are reimplementing our client app with many new features in macOS/swift. As of this writing
we have a small wrapper app and a couple of prototypes in process. _This is an all new
code base._

The pandemic has temporarily changed how we hire. 
For now this is a contract position. Eventually the pandemic will end and we may want to
convert this contract role into regular full time employment.

#### What you’ll bring to the table

- 2+ years of macOS/IOS software development experience 
- Desire to work in a full-time pair-programming environment
- Desire to work on a team that practices TDD
- Strong interpersonal communication skills and the ability to work well with our team
- Passion for quality and writing clean, solid, readable code that scales and performs well
- Passion for improving your skills, tackling interesting work, and solving challenging problems

#### Nice-to-haves

- Experience with pair programming
- Experience with TDD
- Experience with agile/XP software development

We believe in working at a sustainable pace—you’ll typically code for 8 hours each day, and then you’re off to relax, 
recharge, and refocus.

Contact: [engineer-jobs@spartascience.com](mailto:engineer-jobs@spartascience.com)
